he became evident from a very early age
that there was something different about
me by the time I was 10 the attraction
that females had for me was becoming of
some concern to my mother at the age of
21 I have fulfilled funders of men three
times my age my name is Tom Juan DeMarco
I am the world's greatest lover
that's the costume he's done won this
kid is really delusional and believe
seized on one done more here's my
proposal ten days I would have told you
everything you wish to know or if I
don't believe you're dumb and you may
commit me for as long as you like Don
Juan is having it this fact the
influence on the female staff in his
Hacienda there are more nurses on valium
and patients there are only four
questions about life Don of town what is
sacred of what is the spirit made what
is worth living for
on what is worth dying the answer to
which is the same only love
where were you just now I may go
have you never met the woman who
inspires you Tula
until your every sense is filled with
her
I mean she kid thinks he's done wrong so
who is he really
I don't know is to me
but who is saving him for you
Jack what's going on I've come to
realize a deathless if two years of
marriage on my life you are my angel on
this earth is our paradise muchas
gracias señorita no no thank you
thank you
I am the world's greatest love
you